Another way that we have available to customize commers Web site you'll see in a storefront is totally
here on the Customize link on the bottom.
So I'm going to customize here is to create an online store that looks similar to these when he does
it a ferocious file I'm going to add this in the course materials.
So we're going to build something like this for the rest of the course.
But for example the options that you can change in the custom ricer are a little limited.
What are going to make some changes.
And then we're going to start writing some code to achieve something like these.
If you have Photoshop I have outed this guy.
This guy is a color guide for these colors.
So you can select the colors and apply them in your style sheet and that's working on the customized.
So we're going to start with this site identity and frankly you can apply a logo so you can see that
we have Loba right here.
And I'm when I click it on select low and from my course materials on products I'm going to upload these
logos that DNG.
I come about.
The low that is B.G. by the Wordpress and support a lot.
They is B.G. format in the media library.
So we're going to split these and solidify from your current crop they match.
For example if we went to select a small portion of the match you can use the fondlers that we have
here.
Or you can select all the match in case you want to select the match you can that's right you don't
just keep grabbing your gun but if you will not grab the match you can use these handlers and make case
want to keep the crop in.
And you can see once the match is applauded I'm going to say I'm Polish.
You can see that we have the logo right here.
They have their customized it is that we can make some changes.
You can see at the bottom we have other options like the site icon the title and the tag line and you
can remove the logo and all that customisations that you can make.
So we're going to click here to go back and then we're going up in the hair on the head.
For example if we change the background color you can click here and from here against her leg of color
in the color picker and you can see on the right we have a live preview of the changes that we're performing
right here.
So that's really nice.
They use much of the customization.
But should something like this.
If you take a look here in the design the clarity is is white by the way going to change the navigation
bar to different.
Since this is then for example and I'm at of low rated
and on the head there you can see that we have previous blood so we can either carry the match and they're
going to hit or not.
Know for example it's a new image for a hero.
So you can grab the much that you want to play on the head or something like this for example and probably
much
so now you can see that we have a new match as a background that's something nice and bad.
Again that saying we don't have any magic or anything about it is know that you kept something like
this in your installation.
And I'm going to change the background color to white Yes and the you can change the colors and everything.
And see we have white and we can change this to another color.
So that's really nice that we have the is they customize her in all of these.
It's going to be different if you install a different theme this functionality is inherited from the
team that you are things that have been your worst WordPress site so if you are going to click on the
future and under-water what are going to perform some changes for you.
And again social violence Grada you can see red we have these background color which in the style guide
is this color that we have so we can select these copy and then up in the background color and page
right here.
So let's get to the bottom and then you can see we have the color then we have the headings is these
colors.
What it says about those categories and menus.
So we're going to select this color.
This is the headings.
And we're going to replace these at the moment we don't have any Cherian Sunday on the here but once
we have the headings or some widgets it's going to be this play so now we have the text color you can
see what kind of day color is white and cheeses to white and I can see her color and that's fine.
We also have building code or right here that says Come commerce.
So we have some links right here we're going to change these two white and you can see what the food
is it's looking nice I'm going to save on Polish.
So next we're going to perform some changes in the part of the option.
You can see we that part of it right here.
And put a of what are going to change the heavy.
It's going to be black or the hands are going to be Black use these ones like you have here.
Take a look here in the design they are black but they have these lines right here.
We're going out these using seeis is then we have the color.
This is going to be black all the text in the page is going to be black gray here.
And finally we're going to have the link go to our link are you going to be the one copy and page right
here.
That's fine.
They we're going to add the Bruton's Wooten's colors.
For example if the color can do the same you can see these moutons.
You see the color right here.
So what we're going to copy these it's going to be the bag and placed right here.
And it's up in the home page
and you can see we had have different color for the Wooten's.
But again they a lot of the at the card text is going to be white.
We're and has these two white we have the alternate back and I'm color we're going to keep these as
the folds and we're going to go back save and Polish.
So now we have something really nice right here.
Of course we can make more changes for example here on the label.
You can change to a cyber on the right Rosalba on the left side but on the left then you can create
menus you can add widgets right here.
I'm going to show you how to create menus and we did see an upcoming medius then from IKEA you can change
this diary from page and also if you want to add is Mile tweeks of the essence only Asmal you can add
the additional services that we have right here.
In our case we are going to either of this CSA is that that's Jasus bad it's nice to know that we have
an additional CIRCE's in the cost of miter.
So we're going to close these.
And now all of the changes that we have made I would say and we have our unionized foundation to achieve
these esign.
So next in the next video I'm going to show you how to start working with the menus.
Start from provides three different kinds of menus.
So we're going to start working with the main navigation in the mix with the.